**Giveth Governance Meeting #47**

(8 NOV 2018)

Livestream [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uApLSRTkX8g&t=6s)

*Attendance:*
Griff <br>
Loie <br>
Kris <br>
Kay <br>
Jeff <br>
Andreas <br>
Donadams <br>
R33pich33p <br>
Josh <br>
Michael <br>
Dani <br>
James Madeoftin <br>
Vojtech  <br>

---------------------------------

*Proposals*

1) Have Jeff create and fill a TCR Research role for the Gov Campaign
see: https://www.loomio.org/p/LAEctK3x/have-jeff-create-and-fill-a-tcr-research-role-for-the-gov-campaign

Primitives engineer: looking forward to playing with them to value causes and wishes to rigorously test the hypothesis. He intends to do this with the help of Blockscience connections (Michael = early token engineering pioneer)

Skills (working to formalise role): <br>
Marketing <br>
TCR research <br>
Product mgmt <br>
Distributed teams <br>

Griff sees Jeff as a product owner.


Questions:

Reactions:

---------------------------------

2) Giveth Galaxy vs. Giveth Dapp (giveth.io domain debate)
see: https://www.loomio.org/d/5s3q8fgr/giveth-galaxy-vs-giveth?utm_campaign=group_mailer&utm_medium=email&utm_source=membership_requested

Proposal was withdrawn. Dapp team has decided to whitelabel the dapp and not use the Giveth name.

RSK/Dapp team are going to white label do their own branding but hope to stick together. Everyone can do their own thing but a Loomio heads up is a courtesy.

There was a raised concern of precident about project evolutionary cycles. Can it be done better next time?

Will beta.giveth.io still be used? Yes as the first white label, Dapp team will still maintain but need to be funded to do so.

Tensions are good, they just need to be resolved with integrity!


Questions:
Michael - 
DonAdams - 
Lorelei -

Reactions: 

---------------------------------

3) Michael to take a full time Stewardship of the Giveth DApp role
see: https://www.loomio.org/p/O3GyrbQh/should-michael-create-and-fill-a-stewardship-of-the-giveth-dapp-role-financed-by-the-gov-campaign

Griff is spread too thin, proposing that Michael take stewardship of the app.

Michael: Looking forward to tying together the Aragon relationship between the Dapp and DAO and sees synergy in running experiments with charities. Even failed experiments contribute to the greater cause (getting giving right)
Plotted 4 or so roadmaps between DAO + DAPP. Interested in where the DAC goes re MGMT and happy to help with time line coordination, helping fundraise writing proposals. He’s worked remote for 10 years in a similar distributed structure and in interested in the struggle between decentralisation and structure! He’d also like to help find giveth a “core grant”

His blocks on loomio were a result of processes; further discussion on becoming a unicorn first then attending a roles meeting/filling the sheet to avoid misalignment. Much agreement in general, though Jeff suggests to leave flexibility as well (paradigm: definitions are often restrictive). 



Questions:

Reactions:

---------------------------------

*Check-out:*

Griff: Interesting gov meeting <br>
Vojtech: Interesting meeting, worked through some tensions <br>
Kay: Not too long for this many people <br>
Bowen: good meeting, notes soon <br>
Dani: Emotions need to be acknowledged, thanks to everyone for participating <br>
Lorelei: Thanks to everyone, effective and respectful <br>
Michael: Great first gov meeting, Great job managing tension <br>
James: Feeling really good about this <br>
Kris: Thanks for the nice meeting, Good we had a vocal way to express the loomio & introduce michael and jeff <br>
Jeff: Openness of this group is admirable, happy to get to work <br>
Yalor: positive on Michael, happy to see everyone <br>
Josh: Glad to see everyone coming together <br>

-------------------------------------------

Inline notes from the jitsi call: <br>
Griff18:08:50 
can anyone take notes? <br>
Griff18:09:10
Loie is pretty sick and needs a sub! <br>
bowen18:16:16
Can someone invite donadms to the loomios? He has no access to see them <br>
Dani18:26:46
hi all, had some microphone difficulty - sorry I couldn't check in, present and hearing you <br>
Kris18:27:24
that was the Q <br>
lorelei18:31:14
https://www.loomio.org/p/YkJm864I/giveth-galaxy-vs-giveth <br>
lorelei18:31:22
decision^ <br>
lorelei18:31:42
https://www.loomio.org/d/5s3q8fgr/giveth-galaxy-vs-giveth <br>
lorelei18:31:55
discussion thread^ <br>
Josh18:32:17
What is RSK please? <br>
bowen18:32:27
[D <br>
bowen18:32:48
(did we skip the Micheal Stewardship proposal?) <br> <br>
lorelei18:33:03
yeah good q!! <br>
Josh18:33:07
Thanks, appreciated <br>
Michael18:33:08
What does that mean to have the proposal withdrawn? does that mean the discussions is postponed? <br>
Kris18:33:23
I guess Griff wants to keep that for last? <br>
Michael18:44:38
really great points. <br>
Griff18:46:18
RSK offered them 45k <br>
Josh18:46:37
James: I believe the definition of tension to be confusing. The definition I understand is a tension is the difference between where we are to where we want to be. This was confusing for people in pervious team <br>
James Madeof_Tin18:47:41
makes more sense, thanks for clarifying griff <br>
James Madeof_Tin18:48:56
Yeah, my newness is showing there. <br>
James Madeof_Tin18:49:03
Josh <br>
Griff18:49:24 
Kay loved that one bowen <br>
Josh18:50:37
Wonderful point <br>
Kris19:03:15
hurray for fundraising! <br>
James Madeof_Tin19:04:24
sounds like a great add to me <br>
Don Adams19:05:12
Gotta run love you all! <br>
Kris19:06:56
+1 <br>
Michael19:13:09
thank you <br>
Michael19:15:59
Completely agree with you Jeff on roles and their evolution. <br>
James Madeof_Tin19:20:44

