# Notes for 18th Giveth Governance Meeting


## Jan 19th, 2018

**Video: [https://youtu.be/AbDUKCTb-lg](https://youtu.be/AbDUKCTb-lg)**

**Attending**: Alan, Arthur, Emex, Griff, Kay, Oz, RJ, Vojtech



**Kris**

Went to hive blockchain event to present giveth

 Read up on blockchain for charity

Scheduled tweets and triggers

General social follow up

reward DAO meeting

Comms meeting

Alan UI/UX proposal
Discussed DAPP post

slack/riot follow-up

General Comm-y jazz

**Emex**
Travelled to Thai land
Got sick from street meat
Did web3 injected _jazz_

Recorded talk on Giveth

**Arthur**

RewardToken - repo soon

Started repo for robust contract dev start point

Social coding developments

Multisend

Basic app to pack/unpack multisend strings

**Alan**

New design for Wall of Fame

New design for DApp

**Kay**

Worked on lots of small things
Problem with riot/slack bridge

Double checked that all social links are correct

Editing wiki articles from Jen + other neat changes


**Vojtech**

Went with Satya to talk about Giveth at Amnesty international

Detailed scalability issues and solution in a post

Fixed budget sheets and added _delicious_ automation

Following up on contacts

**Griff**
Worked on Aragon audit

Reviewed medium posts

Settled on RewardDAO

Commented/reviewed MulitSend contract

Let people bounce things

POA work progress

Went to tow meetups to spread the word

Started an ERC777 convention launch plan

**Oz**

Worked to setup metamask on the dapp

**RJ**

Worked on LPP storage separation

Re-wrote the slack/riot bridge

**Check-in:
**Griff - tired, push jen's tension

Arthur - tired

Oz - No distractions - get in the looooop

Vojtech -  no distractions - Jens' proposal

Kay - not distracted - helping with notes (<3)

Alan - Looking forward to Jens proposal -  distracted by working on the wall

Alex - distracted by being tired - jens proposal

RJ -  distracted by wrapping up heavy smart contract awesomeness

Kris - distracted by friends coming over - quick meeting


**Weekly update at beginning of the meeting:** 6:00 pm central european time



**Logistics:**
Toggle off:
Multisig action after meeting


## Agenda

Edcon Org tickets

Multisig required signers

Biweekly meeting update

notes


### Point 1

**Tension:** JEN: I can't start organizing anything as long as I don't know how many people are coming and what kind of budget we have. Proposal: The Circle leads need to make a decision on how Edcon should be financed. Does every circle pay for the circle members (Tickets, accommodation, travel expenses)? How much budget do we have all together? Who should be there (at the conference)?

**Proposal:**

Circle leads should make the decision and handle their own circle members so a budget can be figured out

**Clarifying questions:**

Vojtech - What is the promise of participation?

Griff and Jordi speak ad EDCC
Mini-conference in barcelona before - Barcelona easier than Paris

It's up to circle leads to see how big of a thing they want to make it

The follow up should/could happen after the conference in Barcelona

Unclear if we have a stand at the conference

Kris - Should it be a single AirBnb?

There is a community center nearby where we can potentially get some rooms.


**Reactions:**

Kris - team meeting in BCN - only one or two people coming to Paris

Every circle can create a google doc and they can make a list of the people they want to pay for.

RJ - Everybody doesn't necessarily need to go to Paris. All circle team meeting after/before Paris?

Oz - If you have something worth presenting or worth seeing then it makes it a bigger deal. If there is a big push it should be for Toronto in May. Might not be able to do BCN + Paris.

Kay - Confusing with all the conferences - not everyone should go to Paris. Team meeting in Barcelona before/after Paris?!?!?! Settle the team meeting as that's a higher priority.

Arthur - no strong feelings. Makes more sense to do team-meeting before. Original plan was to have 777, then Paris, then team meeting

Griff - Probably do before the 777 meeting. All up to people in circles. Airbnb should be decided early. Tickets can be bought shortly before. We have a lot of flexibility we can play with - milestones are coool. Griff will get something for Paris either way.

Alan - BCN is more important than Paris. Might not be able to attend either one. Using the DApp to solve these issues would be ideal

Alex - BCN sounds better, Paris is expensive. If we do it before then last minute sense could be decided in BCN. It's much easier to go from BCN to Paris.

Vojtech - If we want to do a full team meeting it should be in BCN. We have an office there so we have that out of the way. We as a whole team should have a conversation about who is going to any event like Devcon after we identify the needs we have (do we present? Is it just dev thing?...). Highly encouraging any developers to go to Paris as for me it is a training experience.

**Amend and clarify:**
Bail on Paris - focus on it being a circle by circle basis. This can be handled through campaigns.
We should look into how we can have a team meeting before Paris in BCN. This means Jen doesn't need to organize anything. If you want to go buy a ticket now. We can't rely on the magic of everyone loving Giveth on the regular. BUY TICKETS NOW. Griff will try to get discounts from Jerome. Griff will review the options for ETHCC (Paris) & EdCon (Toronto).


Multi-Sig signers

**Tension: **We need to know who is on the multi-sig. We need at least 6 signers. How many people should we have on the multi-sig? 12 people on the multisig, 1 WHG multisig


**Proposal:**

We need to decide the number of people required to sign (6?) and do a multi-sig action after this meeting.

**Clarifying questions:**


**Reactions:**
Kris - 6 is fine, doesn't care if they are on.

Arthur - fine with 6, 5 but the number of people that are required to will change the amount of time that multi-sig action takes

Kay -  Agrees that the number of people required to do action is temporally based

RJ -  Less than half is weird but convenient - trusts everyone.

Vojtech - wants to keep the number as low as possible but doesn't actually care that much

Oz - Wishes he had a strong opinion WHERE HAVE ALL THE EXPERTS GONE

Alex -  At least half is good -- 6/7? Strong consensus is cooool.

Alan - Agrees with both signs, it needs to be safe but also agile. The more transactions we need to do the more expensive it becomes. Time is money! Gas is also money. Is there a way to do this for a 2 layer so that only transactions over a certain cost require more signatures. This would optimize the time vs gas situation.

**Amend and clarify:**

We will be sticking with 5 and when the white hat group freaks out we'll figure it out.

RJ -  Security is a thing, we should have more than half consensus. We could have separate multi-sigs for each campaign?

Let's just keep it at 6?

RJ - Yeah sure let's do it.

PASSSSSED 6 people in the

Notes

**Tension: **Arthur is stuck taking the notes. I feel pity for him we should alternate.** **
**Proposal:**Officially propose that everytime the notes shift to a different person. Somebody should share the conclusions

**Clarifying questions:**


**Reactions:**

Arthur loves taking notes!

RJ - Bad at taking notes

Alan - Also bad - "lets be bad together < 3"

Oz - "Notes stresses me out" (everyone is so whiny jeeeeeez : P ) Still wants to help

Vojtech - Loves the new notes because of how awesome Quazia is.

Alex - Let Quazia make notes. If he decides he's tired we can just get a new one.
Griff - If somebody is good at it and likes doing the work stick with it. EZ WIN Whoever is facilitating should have a note taker. Taking notes and facilitating is NOT GOOD.

Kay - Loves Arthurs notes - the important thing is to share the notes _and a summary_.


**Amend and clarify:**

Officially have Arthur takes notes and share the notes.

Multi-Sig signers

**Tension: **We need to know who is on the multi-sig. We need at least 6 signers. How many people should we have on the multi-sig? 12 people on the multisig, 1 WHG multisig


**Proposal:**

We need to decide the number of people required to sign (6?) and do a multi-sig action after this meeting.

**Clarifying questions:**


**Reactions:**
Kris - 6 is fine, doesn't care if they are on.

Arthur - fine with 6, 5 but the number of people that are required to will change the amount of time that multi-sig action takes

Kay -  Agrees that the number of people required to do action is temporally based

RJ -  Less than half is weird but convenient - trusts everyone.

Vojtech - wants to keep the number as low as possible but doesn't actually care that much

Oz - Wishes he had a strong opinion - WHERE HAVE ALL THE EXPERTS GONE

Alex -  At least half is good -- 6/7? Strong consensus is cooool.

Alan - Agrees with both signs, it needs to be safe but also agile. The more transactions we need to do the more expensive it becomes. Time is money! Gas is also money. Is there a way to do this for a 2 layer so that only transactions over a certain cost require more signatures. This would optimize the time vs gas situation.

**Give Arthur/Quazia a regular reward**

**Tension: **Arthur doesn't have a regular reward
**Proposal: **Use MakerDAO payouts to fund a milestone to pay Arthur.

**Clarifying questions:**


**Reactions:**

Oz - Not sure why this is a governance issue, where does this get solved?

Kris -  Sounds great!

Kay - When does this process start, how does this process happen? Can we streamline this process.

Vojtech - Wishes Arthur could have been absorbed by the DApp team

RJ - Now that circle leads are decided we should do onboarding on a case-by-case basis.

Alan - Congratulations!

Arthur - Meet with DApp team for circle synergy

Alex - votes yes


**Amend and clarify:**

Arthur gets regular reward (based on kris and kay reward of 600â‚¬/week) in the official position of social coding week. He will retrospectively get paid for the past two weeks (for the 6th Jan, 12th Jan and 19th Jan)


## Recap



1.  Look into having a team meeting before 777 launch
1.  Multi-sig will have 6 people, multi-sig action after this meeting
1.  Bi-weekly tabled
1.  Arthur takes notes
1.  Arthur gets regular rewards

Griff - great meeting

Kay - awesome meeting

Arthur - Sorry didnt understand

Kris - nice meeting â€¦.

RJ - yay - multisend

Alex- good productive meeting

Alan - ** **happy with the decisions that were taken, next week/meeting we don't need everyone to pitch in at every round. Only pitch in if you're adding something. Just give an affirmative.

**End of meeting:  7.15  pm**
