#4th Giveth DAC governance meeting on 2017-10-06

[Link to Stream](https://youtu.be/5Y-6RBvRvN0)

Note: names are shortened

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Check in and beginning of the meeting</span>: 5pm central european time

Check in: Any distractions?

Logistics



1.  Griff wants to decentralize notes

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Agenda:</span>



1.  Visibility / content to share
1.  DAC name
1.  Planning devcon
1.  Outside gov meetings - V

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Point 1. Outside gov meetings (vojtech)</span>**

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Tension: </span>we have things that we could catch up on

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Proposal: </span>every day stand up meetings

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Clarifying question</span>:  none

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Reactions </span>

RJ 3 days a week make more sense

Kay once a week

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">PROPOSAL PASSED</span>

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Point 2. (kris)</span>**

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Tension:</span> not enough visibility on who is doing what

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Proposal:</span> 1. make a giveth team twitter list,
2. and a governance meet add on

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Clarifying question</span>:

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Reactions</span>

Oz likes it all just fine

Kay: streaming is not feasible for later editing, better make seperate videos, concerned about privacy a bit when it comes to twitter, offers help with technical video stuff

V: yeah!

G: Good ideas, Proof of video, should be created to document work and is a requirement to get paid

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">New proposal?
</span>1. Build 'Giveth Contributors' Twitter List
2. Recording videos

Let's not record entire one, just stream the end

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Objections:</span>

Kay: we should stream entire governance meeting - important for transparency

Griff: Who should do the editing?

Tabled mandatory contributor video updates proposal moved until Jen gives input

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Twitterlist PASSED</span>

Video reactions - to be discussed with Jen

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Point 3. (kris)</span>**

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Tension: </span>

Do we call our community Giveth DAC or Unicorn DAC?

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Proposal: </span>

We call ourselves the Giveth DAC

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Clarifying question</span>:

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Reactions:</span>



*   Ok for everyone
*   Vojtech wants to avoid confusion over branding (unicorn logo)<span style="text-decoration:underline;">
</span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">New proposal?</span>

We can decide at a later date what we do with the unicorn visual but we go with Giveth DAC, pronunciation undecided

PROPOSAL PASSED

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Point 4. (kris)</span>**

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Tension: </span>No clear Agenda

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Proposal:</span> Make Agenda together with Grace and Jen

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Clarifying question</span>:

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Reactions</span>

Griff: Wants to help set-up the Agenda

Oz: 1. Devs will be done with everything well before devcon!

Anyone who has an idea for the MLP should present it to the community - with materials prepared

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">New proposal?</span>

Kris will make a one day agenda for Cancun w/ Jen & Grace and share in priv team

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">PROPOSAL PASSED</span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Check out:</span>

Connectivity issues suck

We all talk too much :-D
