# Giveth Governance Meeting #42


September 13th, 2018


Youtube Livestream - [https://youtu.be/FPLS6cePfRo](https://youtu.be/FPLS6cePfRo)


### Attending

Kay, Lorelei, Griff, Bowen, Linds, Oz, Vojtech, Dani, 

dropped-in: Peterpan, Gabi
left-early: XXX


###  Check-in

XXX - intentions, expectations, distractions

Griff - no distractions, run a unique meeting
Linds - mitch's hamburger pants distracting, intending to give input help ppl get back on track
Bowen - has been learning js, distracted by lack of caffeine
Kay - nice to see so many ppl back, not distracted, working on uploading decentral vids
Oz - no distractions, ready to contribute
Lorelei - Taking notes, cats and dogs hanging out, excited to see how we filter back into normal life
Dani - mildly distracted by migrain :( intention to get priorities
Vojtech - distracted by driving to get food, excited for mtg
Gabi - trying to better understand how the team and the organization work

### Logistics

Toggled-Off: XXX

Similar to our old style of meeting:

Agenda building round!
Projects/ideas to prioritize


## Agenda

*   Fundraising: Griff
*   T-Shirt thoughts: Kay
*   Unicorn DAC: Lorelei
*   Reward DAO: Linds
*   Aragon Grant: Vojtech
*   Aragon DAC: Griff

### Point1
Fundraising

#### Tension
Ether has been tanking


#### Proposal

Make a fundraising team

#### Clarifying Questions

None.

#### Reactions

Kay - how far is our runway? let's get more power behind fundraising
Lorelei - Awesome to get workforce behind it.
Linds - Seems necessary and needs structure. Happy to support.
Bowen - good idea. awesome to have one somebody dedicated to the purpose. willing to support
Dani - what's my role/is this dapp or all giveth? its a priority!
Oz - Wondering if fundraising through DApp or other means/platforms. Not much experience, but could ask friend.
Vojtech - we should have worked on this issue a month or two ago. we should be cautious about grants bc we don't have the best experience with it right now. prefer to find other ways to fundraise outside of ethereum grants
Peter - never fund raised for anything, need a dedicated person
Gabi -  missed it!

#### Amend and Clarify

Starting fundraising team is a go. Would like to see Linds on that team. Would be nice if Oz asks around. Shoul

#### Result

Approved/Tabled/Rejected

### Point2
T shirt thoughts

#### Tension

Should we make a T-shirt round and if yes what should be on them


#### Proposal

Usually at least 1k for a round of shirts - need to decide do we really need them? For Devcon. If so let's start now. DApp G logo with dream catcher - can we create something like this that is less clean? 

#### Clarifying Questions

None.

#### Reactions

Vojtech - let's not do devcon specific ones. t shirts are a great idea for marketing
Linds - it's a good way to get people promoting the brand. I trust the process! Make a t shirt we would all wanna wear.
Lorelei  - Excited about this and be more creative with brand. Like proposal and dreamcatcher idea.
Dani - not a t-shirt fan, brand recognition is important. The dream catcher is ok, but giveth galaxy is where i want to go!
Bowen - cool idea, i like the dream catcher, or galaxy idea. i don't think we have any merch around that yet? the idea around not doing devcon specific stuff, makes sense to do the galaxy image because it goes with casting that wider net
OZ - let's make them comfortable ;) - Would like to make this help the fundraising goal (revolution.eth)
Gabi - not so much experience
Peter pan - dig the dream catcher
Griff - let's consider looping in the unicorn logo. i think we'll have trouble passing them out this year, not sure if we'll have a table this year. it's easier to get boxes of shirts to prague!


#### Amend and Clarify

Totally down to make them general, wearable, not devcon specific. Giveth galaxy logo, tough thing is shirts need 4 weeks to produce, so it would be easier with the dream catcher since it's mostly developed already. Will put out call to design team group, if another great design is put forth in the next 5 days, we can maybe choose that but otherwise prioritizing the most efficient logo. 

#### Result

Approved

### Point3 
Unicorn DAC - Lorelei


#### Tension

Onboarding Unicorns, having a pot of funds that is distributed by the unicorns. How would this work in the DApp?


#### Proposal

nothing to propose, just an update. 

#### Clarifying Questions

Griff - Do we have a doc of where we're at right now.
- Just have loomio for now. Can share.

Dani - What is Unicorn DAC?
- In short. It's a fund for Regular members to vote with some set-out amount on what Giveth unicorns work on from within the DApp. Details on loomio.

#### Reactions

Kay - awesome. we've been talking abt this a long time
Dani - interested in the technical element of how to map the structure
Linds - See how I can support it. Like this development.
Oz - Sounds great, technical problems changes are always dangerous. See with Vojtech/DApp team how to implement.
Bowen - excited, here to help participate
Peterpan - really interesting, see if i can help any way
Gabi - i like the idea, great way to bring more ppl to the community
Griff - stoked about this, want to see a new governance model experiment, want to see people having power and authority, big piece is that it helps us dogfood our own app, people will experience selling their milestone. change to the dapp shouldn't be that big. should be some really simple solution to add in a little feature that will make it all easy, to make it so you can see what each person donated to.

#### Amend and Clarify

Appreciate the feedback.

#### Result

### Point4
Reward DAO


#### Tension
We're bottlenecked at Reward DAO. See how we can increase interaction. Lindsay is still the centralizing point.


#### Proposal
Develop with someone else a way for Reward DAO to grow and really be a part of Giveth's future. 

#### Clarifying Questions

Lorelei - What is proposal?
- Want to have input in fireside chat.
Gabi - is there some place to read about reward DAO? 
- Griff will send him info
Dani - unclear status of reward DAO, been difficult for her to interact with
- we had a break for a bit on burning man but now its starting to role
Dani - meeting on the 15th? did that happen?
- yes it was a closed meeting but it happened

#### Reactions
Dani - Passing it along
Kay - Lindsay is doing such a great job with this, she took it over, would be great to have a better system and linds is the person to design that solution
Griff - wall of fame change, have people upload directly into the dapp. Features I would like to see: Wall of fame should scrape videos off DApp. People create their own milestone. Would necessitate those new contributors using the DApp.
Lorelei - gotta give it new energy! helping contributors make milestones, but would onboard contributors more by having people make their own milestones. 
Bowen - like the idea of being able to make the bounty templates in the DApp. Good idea to have the ppl uploading the videos being the one creating their own milestones
Oz - ooh an opportunity for confrontation! there's been a lot of friction in governance experiments over the last year that make me cringe. a person should only have to do one thing. this is the point of friction. snapproof was possibly going to offer a solution to this, i put 20k into it and ran out of money. how long does the experiment have to go before we realize we're throwing away money and resources? a 3 step process gets old quick. we live in an instagram society. interface needs to be quick, frictionless
Peterpan - been given points recently and tried to use reward dao, i found it super weird, it took me a while to realize what points were, then went to giveth website and was confused there. onboarding for new contributors could be A LOT better. simpler. had to dig thru wiki to learn about points. instructions would be needed to make it clearer. agree with oz process should be more integrated. 
Gabi - having a point system is nice to measure and view your progress in the community. of course we could do it better, but its a valuable starting point




#### Amend and Clarify
Work on putting something together for next weeks gov meeting.

#### Result

### Point5 
Aragon DAC



#### Tension
Really good connection. Stoked to push through. Money on Multisig. Need to make transaction to put it on DApp. Have the chance to use Aragon platform to improve upon our own DApp. 


#### Proposal
Have a whole second DApp team on user side of things. Need to focus on building tools for community. Take another round on improving UX on DApp built on Aragon ecosystem.

#### Clarifying Questions
Kay - when this whole thing started, it was about what a great job giveth is doing with community, now it feels like it's so focused on aragon... has it transpired that this has to be aragon built only? or could some of the grant still be used to fund our stuff?
answer - yes it has to be aragon focused, that is the condition with their grant. We were super inspired by aragon originally and wanted to build something like aragon for charity instead of businesses. we have the opportunity now to move our gov experiments over to aragon, so its a way to keep those going and funded by aragon so they are not draining our funds. by experimenting building on their platform, we also can shape what their offering is, towards what would be useful for the giveth platform. 
second Q - who are we looking for if you are saying these have to be new people? is there still a place for in between people?
answer - both and! there's a place for lots of giveth ppl to work on aragon dac, but we must be careful of cannibalizing our own team, we still need givethers working on giveth! if people leave their roles to work in larger capacity on aragon dac we will need to then hire to fill their missing roles in giveth


#### Reactions
OZ - technically, there's a lot of reinventing the wheel that we DON'T have to do if we are using the aragon UI. 
Dani - missed a good part of this. this takes a lot more talk we are just starting to open it up. big advocate of finding what's good and boosting it/using it
Linds - not much feedback
Lorelei - I want to underline the hiring piece, we need a lot of great people! Everyone should keep it in mind that if we have project managers, UI/UX, etc look for people! Lets find them!
peterpan - i'm a designer and i can help with recruitment, the first designer is most important one!
Gabi - this one of the main topics i'm really interested in, i'm trying to start to contribute to aragon. i'm new to open source dev, very aligned with the work you are doing, my gf is a designer 
Bowen - will be doing testing with them. they have ambitious goals. i'd like to see what would come out of restructuring the dapp around aragon
Kay - i've known aragon a lot longer than giveth, i always thought giveth could be the first huge project that is using aragon for governance. that's the biggest thing. we moved away from using aragon, to building for aragon with aragon. i'd like to see giveth properly onboarded
Griff - important app being created rn that will allow you to create your own governance model. it's called Permissions App. everyone is waiting for this to be finished. we could potentially build Reward DAO or Unicorn DAC on permissions app. 



#### Amend and Clarify
Aragon is still ironing out the permission part of their DApp, but once stuff is ready we will onboard Giveth DAC onto their platform and it will help with other problem fields like the Reward DAO. Griff will continue to look for people to onboard onto Aragon DAC.


#### Result


## Recap

Thanks for the mtg, sorry it went over by 23 min! Good stuff tho. 

## Check-out

Griff - thx for coming see ya next week
Peter pan - interesting to see how giveth is run in this really open way. would love to stay involved. esp if you are recruiting for designers. happy to lend a hand there. fascinating to see transformation of giveth gov model.
Gabi - first time in a meeting like this. 
Linds - great to be back, really productive
Loie - loved the old style of meeting, it worked out well making the agenda during the meeting
Oz - great mtg, like the idea of fresh eyes, bm was super inspiring! lots of blockchain camps. really interested in solarpunk.
Kay - nice to see all this energy we collected during the summer. we can start our new productive year now. like that we skipped protocol for a while and let newcomers speak rather than be obligatory toggled off, it was valuable. this feels like a strategic meeting which is necessary!
Bowen - really good mtg, glad to see you all back miss you!
Dani - really enjoyed this mtg, theres a lot to be discussed after downtime, so allowing the agenda to be emergent makes a lot of sense
Vojtech - missed a lot of a really good mtg! i will catch up on notes or youtube
madeoftin - happy to help with designing! signaling project. 


## End of meeting

19:31
