# 15th Governance meeting December 29th

[Link to livestream](https://youtu.be/ko2Sb9fJGK4)

Note: names are shortened, attending: RJ, Kris, Oz, Arthur

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Check in and beginning of the meeting</span>: 6:10 pm central european time

Pre meeting: Everyone gives an overview on their work & projects of the last week

Check in: quiet days, but no distractions

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Agenda:</span>



1.  Rewards
1.  Physical meetings
1.  Core team


**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Point 1. Rewards</span>**

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Tension: </span>How do we make regular rewards work in the new DApp. Do we still fill in the form?

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Proposal: </span>Make governance meeting about this.

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Clarifying question:</span>

Arthur - How to set time

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Reactions:</span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Kay: Very important - full on</span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Oz: General meeting paranoia, but could be helpful</span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">RJ: Sure - more meetings</span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Arthur: More meetings fine</span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Amended:  Kris will ask Griff to plan a new weekly/bi-weekly meeting</span>

Proposal passed!

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Point 2. Physical Meetings</span>**

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Tension: </span>We should meet more often - get stuff done quicker. Next meeting with Kris/Satya/Kay

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Proposal:</span> We should meet in February

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Clarifying question: </span>None

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Reactions: </span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Arthur: physical meetings are great</span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">RJ: We should decide together - doodle or something</span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Kay: Sure. We should keep costs in check. Unofficial meetings are happening. Doodle is great</span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">New proposal: We will make a doodle for when to meet next</span>

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Point 3. Too many people in Slack core-team channel</span>**

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Tension: </span>currently 26 people in core-team. Maybe some users not with us anymore.

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Proposal:</span> Remove some members from core-team

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Clarifying question: </span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Reactions: </span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">RJ: sure</span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Kay: should be run by Griff. Channel exclusion should be communicated beforehand</span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Oz: agree should be run by Griff</span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Arthur: pruning should not be hurtful, many members inactive</span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">New proposal: Kris gets together with Griff on this to prune inactive members</span>

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Meeting ended 18:30pm</span>**
