# Giveth Governance Meeting #28 


April 5th, 2018


Youtube Livestream - [https://youtu.be/OILhprLCliI](https://youtu.be/OILhprLCliI)


### Attending

Griff, Lindsay, Kay, Lorelei, DappLion, Yalor, Kate, Edu, RJ, Satya

dropped-in: Andreas, Oz
left-early: XXX


###  Check-in

Griff - concise meeting
Lindsay - concise meeting
Kay - wants help with notes
Lindsay - Muted
DappLion - no distractions
Satya - No distractions
RJ - No great expectations but lets see.
Quazia - Same wants to fix payout 
Alex - Not distracted
Kris - Not distracted
Andreas - muted
Kate - Not distracted
Yalor - Lets get through the meeting
Deam - Fast

### Logistics

Toggled-Off: Lorelei, Andreas, deam



## Agenda

*   Point1: Join Blockchain for social impact coalition
*   Point2: Solve payment issues


### Point1


#### Tension

Need to be more visible in charitable blockchain space


#### Proposal

Join coalition for benefits and getting access to ressources - no strings attached?

#### Clarifying Questions

Kay - When did you talk to Alice?
Kris - Last week

#### Reactions

Griff - Heard not good things. Rumor on street is they steal ideas and people. Just be cautious. Don't invite them to close. Hear other peoples experiences.
Edu - Agree with Griff
Quazia - Be cautious
Yalor - Proceed with caution
Kay - Know some people. Don't have a definite answer. Proceed with caution
Satya - We should totally do it
RJ - No clear idea
Kitteh - notetaker was distracted
Lindsay - Proceed with caution - Visibility is good
Alex - Passing it on
DappLion - Proceed with caution
Andreas - Not the best impression of Consensys from the NGO side, but Giveth should be as visible as possible
Kay - Would like to have Consensys talk with DAC in a forum

#### Amend and Clarify

Proceed with caution. Before we give an ok talk with Consensys again, as well as our friends Alice and Salt.

#### Result

Approved

### Point2


#### Tension

Payments are not processed on time


#### Proposal

Different solutions proposed (see loomio):

##### 2a RJ
Move burden of responsibility to circles

##### 2b Satya
Let people file compensation milestones

##### 2c Griff
Onboard Lorelei and Bowen as backups for milestone reviews and make small changes to DApp

#### Clarifying Questions
Quazia to Satya - What prevents people from gaming the milestone compensation reward?
Not much

#### Reactions

Kris - ref1; this is a task of the governance circle. forking off increases decentralization. ref3; rectifies problems ref2; does not like idea of compensation
Yalor - ref3; good idea. make milestones automatically go to new reviewers. ref1; give governance a chance ref2; would be fine with compensation historically
dapplion - not enough info
Satya - ref1; agree. ref3; better than now, but not THE solution
Lindsay - ref3; best option for now. two people might not be enough. like what yalor said for satya's proposals in retrospect.
Edu - ref3; would like to try. ref1; quite good but would like to give preference to propopsal 3. ref2; makes problem worse
Alex - Have we fixed the slow point of the multisend? ref1; like, ref2; Something should happen ref3; like
Caitlin - Feels this should be a deciosion that's more centralized
RJ - ref2; can be gamed needs rules. ref3; wrong answer because of centralization
Kay - Nobody was taking notes
Griff - ref1; team cohesion is bad in this proposal. we should use issues that come up to be creative. Believe solving the multisend issue by teaching to many people will solve slow payouts.
Quazia - Currently automated as a service. We can run it once a week. People will not need to think about this. ref2; Understand if we go either way. Budget should have run out. ref1; don't think it would help, but fights for right to be able to do it that way. ref3; Cool

#### Amend and Clarify

Griff - no change
RJ - no change
Satya - only do it until 5 day payment. file compensation milestone on exact date of payment

#### Result

Approved

## Recap

1 - approved
2a,b,c - approved

## Check-out

checkout with mixed feelings and lots of love

## End of meeting

19:50
