# Giveth Governance Meeting #60


February 7th, 2019


Youtube Livestream - [https://youtu.be/GY15yaWZVZY](https://youtu.be/GY15yaWZVZY)


### Attending

Lorelei, Griff, Dani, Bowen, Kris, Kay, Michael

dropped-in: Andreas
left-early: XXX


###  Check-in

Please refer to video

### Logistics

Toggled-Off: nobody



## Agenda

*   Point1: Deepdive Paris?
*   Point2: Add Jeff to regular rewards (Gov campaign)?
*   Point3: Giveth.one PR?
*   Point4: Adopt bun protocol?
*   Fireside chat: Change the name of milestones in Dapp?


### Point1


#### Tension

Make a Giveth deep dive in Paris beginning of March? [See this on Loomio](https://www.loomio.org/d/tiXNQwyd/are-you-going-to-this-event-)


#### Proposal

Some unicorns will meet up there, but a more involving meeting should be done at a later time.

#### Clarifying Questions

Invalid clarifying question by Kay - What if it takes too long for ETH to reach 300â‚¬?

#### Reactions

Kay - I would go and pay for myself, let's have the next deep dive offsite in our new HQ a little later!
Kris - agree with postponing towards barcelona time, if anyone wants an ethmagicians ticket you can buy it from me
Bowen - I couldn't come over there anyways
Griff - we need to start cutting costs. esp if we are getting this new place it doesn't make sense to spend one month's rent on an airbnb in a different city. Late march or early april - after vienna? EthMagicians - i'm def going and i need a ticket, kris we'll take it. I'm speaking at EthCC. Paris is expensive and shitty, let's not go there. after march 25th everything gets easier me and Loie have more Europe days
Dani - would love to see a milestone for - oh yeah I'd love to make it! - for a housewarming party in barcelona
Michael - I agree, not needed now, lets party it up in BCN, heading to denver, lets minimize costs.



#### Amend and Clarify

New proposal: 
Dani is going to organize a future event, but giveth is not footing the bill for a paris gathering

#### Result

Approved



### Point2
Give Jeff a full Regular Reward

#### Tension

Jeff is working full time with Giveth and cutting down other income streams so that he can focus on this. [See this on Loomio](https://www.loomio.org/p/RSYQfkNE/jeff-should-receive-full-time-rewards-from-the-giveth-gov-campaign)


#### Proposal

He will receive full time regular rewards from the Gov campaign
1 article per week, video series with Kris. 

#### Clarifying Questions

Lorelei - where does the money come from?
Griff - from myself for the time being(thru gov campaign)
Lorelei - are these extra roles and accountabilities in the roles sheet? 
Griff - not yet, I'll ask him to. 

#### Reactions

Kay - I wish we had more funds in the gov campaign, but i'm all for getting jeff on board, i see the work he's doing and believe he should be compensated
Lorelei - Love that Jeff gave his passion for the last months and the intensity he spends on the problem sets. Support the proposal.
Kris - first put myself on abstain, but after talking with him i changed it to a HELLYES. Looking forward to communication phase.
Michael - totally support this. I talk to him quite a bit, know whats going on in the background. Big community/network building. I think it's the right direction for Giveth. 
Bowen - in agreement!

#### Amend and Clarify

Jeff's efforts can bring a lot of funding to Giveth, so it's an effective route towards our next stategic move. 
Present at 1 giveth call per week, regular articles around the project we are building, video series with Kris to explain our concepts more generally

#### Result

Approved

 

### Point3

Giveth.one PR [See this on Loomio](https://www.loomio.org/d/1mw6loFg/giveth-one-pr-strategy)

#### Tension

Giveth.one has split off and get funding by rsk they are autonomous... They made a loomio and desided they were not going to use the giveth name, but then they did with a blog post in early Jan... we decided to hold off on making concrete plans. 2 weeks ago we heard that they will likely get funded... so now we have some time pressure... Also V said that they might do some PRs and such... so we need to have a unified front... Can they use the giveth.one name? 


#### Proposal
There was a loomio https://www.loomio.org/p/v79NdWSQ/possible-action-steps and the top ranked solution was that they only use Giveth the same way brightID and DAppNode use it. #2 was that we filter their comms.

I dont think we are ready to make a proposal... but we need to make a proposal about how we solve this issue... we dont have time or resources to filter their messages... its a lot simpler to just say, that Giveth is the parent project but you are not giveth. no clear proposal...


#### Clarifying Questions

#### Reactions
Kay - we can't solve this issue without real communication by the other team ... we have a top outcome... we need them to talk to us.

Griff - Dangerous to drag out without decisions. Appoint one person to untangle mess. Waste of ressources to drag this out. I would appoint Dani to be the decision maker for communicating our decision. i think the most efficient and safe thing would be to tell them no you can't use our name. Personal preference is: Let us do their comms.

Andreas - overall the DApp is very acccessible. The people i work with won't be able to handle it. It's difficult for people to even be able to understand crypto. There needs to be more work. UI for any DApps at this moment is not the greatest - do we wait or carry on? User input is really important. If you don't get that feedback you won't understand the wider audience. If i invite someone from my team to play around on it, they're gonna ask so many questions I'd rather not do it. 

Griff (interlude) - Charities should be onboarded when there are more possibilities for them to get funded. Does this hurt our brand?

Andreas - it's difficult because charities like ours are very cost-averse, we don't have bills really... The bigger charities will be able to fund things but they will be asking for customizations. it won't be about what you guys have built and how that translates into the humanitarian world, no, it's them now asking you to change things to fit the way their world already is. Donors need to be ready to pay in crypto too, not just fiat. 
Griff (interlude) - do you have an opinion of how we should deal with the Giveth.one branding question?
Andreas - it should be dealt with very carefully. a fork is always difficult to communicate. both teams need to get better at clarifying.

Kris - Griff you were breaking your own protocol with cross talk. I expressed in the loomio, and unicorns channel. Let's see how the next response from g.one is going to look like. Very willing to coordinate with the delegated person by g.one. Also willing to step up the resistance on public media when further comms from their side continue to appear.

Michael - 5 hrs/week on our side and 5 hrs/week on theirs is a huge waste of time for both organizations. Even if we do that, eventually there will be some disagreement that requies alot more time. From the Giveth side, using Kris's time to coordinate branding issues with an external organization is not a good use of his time, nor will it be for them either. We should hear from V and I'm hoping this issue is closed at the end of the day and then we can work towards a strong non-contentious collaboration between the two organizations. 

Bowen - spent many hours talking with Kris about this, back and forthing possible scenarios. Most recent point we got to is what (who) said... We are misaligned in governance, we've been parting on that already for a long time, I hate to see the split happen. A brand is a brand for a reason and dividing the message hurts all of us. We should do whatever we can to avoid it. Vojtech should be able to use the name but with full knowing that it's the name of a group he decided to part from. Let's see what he says, hopefully it is done.

Dani - i want to reduce my roles with the DApp team, the piece i care the most about here is our users, stakeholders! My greatest concern is grace is empowered to do comms for DApp team and without a clear relationship and agreements between there, i don't see any ability to work collaboratively with them unless Vojtech is able to come back and tell us something different. my reaction is that i don't really wish to work with that team much going fwd, i do want to work on behalf of our stakeholders (campaign mgrs, donors, collaborators) to help communicate in the best way possible how to participate with Giveth or the other DApp team as is appropriate. 

#### Amend and Clarify

Valuable to hear from reactions... we want to hear from V... maybe all this will be dropped because of the signalling... If i dont hear something from V in the unicorns channel i will make a proposal to take it on saying that they can't use our brand as their own

#### Result

Approved


### Point4
Adopting Bun Protocol
#### Tension
https://www.loomio.org/p/sED0S8Bv/adopt-bun-protocol
We are a decentralized crew and we have a lot of opportunities, there is a nice protocol that we are not using.


#### Proposal
The proposal is to adopt bun protocol! The intention is to see how useful this tool/framework is in practice of decentralized community work.


#### Clarifying Questions

#### Reactions

Bowen - i was pretty critical at first, but it makes sense and is safe enough to try

Kris - its a good mindset to have, its part of our values anyway so cool, i dont see a lot of value of "adopting the bun protocol" it might be confusing to use the term... i wont block it. but i fear it makes us even harder to break into as an org.

Michael - What Kris said. Cute and fun and we practice it. Love the visual around it. However adding new language, as simple as it is, in combination with all the other methodologies used it Giveth can make things challenging for new and existing community members and I think we should strive to be as accessible as possible. Therefore I wouldn't say no to using it, just not manditory at this time. Play with it and experiment with it.

Griff - I love it. Adds more value than it takes away.

Lorelei - Really like this idea. More invitational because they invite curiosity about governance views. All caps makes it more opaque. I want regular buns! Buns are fun!

#### Amend and Clarify

I feel you, i am with griff an L, it adds fun, everyone has their own language... i wouldnt try to adopt it if it wasnt a strong mental image... so the loomio was a bit of the other way around... this stuff should just be explained in a short way but i wanted to officially adopt it for the hand book.. it might sound threatening... the proposal stands as is, 

kris--- what does this mean? 

How often will this get thrown at us... all you unicorns are actually guinea corns 

#### Result

Approved


### Fireside Chat
Should we call milestones differently?

## Recap

A big discussion, going half an hour over the scheduled time.
Decisions are: 
* Giveth Deepdive will be postponed
* Jeff being taken on full time for regular reward
* Navigating the PR pitfalls with Giveth.one
* We officially adopt the "bun protocol"

## Check-out

19:33 Checkout

## End of meeting

19:40
