# Giveth Community Meeting #57


Jan 17th, 2018


[Youtube Livestream]()


### Attending

Loie, Josh, Michael, Kay, Dani

###  Check-in
L - Minimal distractions
M - Not distracted, intent to get through loomio.
J - Bowens out but in Riot.
D - Clearing stuff from her site. Release testing. Intention is on Roles


### Logistics (what have you been up to ?)

Toggled-Off: Bowen (ill but on Riot)

L - happy with rles procees emerging. Pushy woman on hackathon
J - Ostrom notes, governance research, Kanban, hackathon
M - Loomio, classified issues in Zen hub brought into loomio. Seperating notes from action. Talked to Lanski about budget, update in next week. First series of DAoification meetings, wants diversity, bringing more people into the loop (still small and agile). Working on event for next month, giveth listed as co-organiser expecting 100 ppl. Coordinate with podcast team coordination. Organising direction on bonding curves. FEw others getting involved (Acknow fella joined our community), wants to bring a community of 1500 to Giveth from their site as it bran out of $$. Good asset.
K - Aragon DAC stuff. Griff to update so wont himself. Adapeted the roles sheet a bit. Added extra roles to the wiki stuff and did his bits. Regular community follow up. Reviewed Eli's funding article. Reviewed Adams Dai article. Call about the great merging (wiki), gone live. Held a comms call. 
G - Aragon DAC fall out. Big piece, got funding from MakerDAO - closed. Showed them how to use the dapp. Worked with Jeff on Block science article. Reviewed DAI article. Touched bases with ppl out of loop. Chang Mai. Made a swiss legal entity for giggles. Looking at structures of legality re bonding curve stuff. Trying to find someone in Barca to set up the office. Aragon Chang Mai meetup. 
D - woking with swarm, working with vocadoni. Getting andreas to help by redoing his stuff, same from bllom. Crypto Christmas ppl are merging with Radicard DAC forming. Flow of dontations was manually intensive, getting users to decide. Data fund setup. Email form for whitelisters and project owners who are not using, why? Reward DAO, campain transfered from lindsy. Filled out roles. 


## Agenda
* issue prioritisation loomio
* Is there a governance [backlog](https://patterns.sociocracy30.org/backlog.html) as suggested [here](https://patterns.sociocracy30.org/governance-backlog.html)? 

---------------------------------------
### Adgenda item 1 
People know the drill. Difference now is I've added indication of bug, priority or feature (ported from git hub process). Most ppl are selecting bugs! Nothing else. (later in roles suggested about decentralised sign off - e.g. 3 people rather than Griff)

---------------------------------------
### Adgenda item 2

J - Can we make a list of sorts?

#### Tension
We dont 

#### Clarifying Questions
K - was ponering that myself
L - what lands on the wiki and what doesnt?
K - very hard to document agreed processes as we forget after
L - loomio DAI split is a good use case of not remembering the specifics. 
KR - would be nice to take the learnings from these confusions into wiki descriptions. 
K - we can do it on git hub to test the waters and document the outcomes in wiki
G - would love governance to follow in comms footsteps. **Can write the description for github.**
K - best document whats happened already. Then move forward re modelling the DAC. Would love to take the learning of what happened. Giveth wiki is our collective will to wht world!! Big picture of whats occured.
M - is there a bigger picture in how the offline community works with the Dapp?? e.g. Curation markets is the same as loomio. Its a coniteous process. Is there a meeting place between them
KR - yeah, exactly that. Documenting decisions for Dapp prioritisation.Lookng at the future.  
K - reaserching them they all want to make the work a better place as first port of call! We need to documnt this better. Misses the tooling up and playing in social coding

Social coding
J - lets close a loop with the odyssey hack people. Be friends share their media and indoctrinate them into SC
M - SC is very fundable. We just need to make it a bigger schelling point. 
K - that was the blockternship, cool start but fizzled, then dragged. We could try again? Colony also have a bug bounty and would love us to use them. Meta Colony has a rewards process which is good. 

#### Result
Governance repo
Document personal governance learnigs
Get the blockternship running again


--------------------------------------

### End of Meeting
