# 13th Governance meeting December 15th

[Link to Livestream](https://youtu.be/RS_W5lcnRPk)

Note: names are shortened, attending: Kris, Satya, Vojtech, Edu, RJ, Oz, Kay, Griff, Alex




<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Weekly update at beginning of the meeting</span>: 6pm central european time

Logistics:
Toggle on off **
**

Check in:
Griff: Not distracted
Satya: Not distracted
RJ: getting ready for a plane
V: Toggled off
Alex: Not distracted

Edu: Not distracted, Toggled off
Oz: Not distracted

Kay: Not distracted

Kris: Distracted by balloon & cat

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Agenda:

Reward DAO Leads - Griff
</span>

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Point 1.</span>**

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Reward DAO Leads</span>**

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Tension:</span> Requires leadership over main campaigns in Giveth

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Proposal:</span> Leads dish out points. Leads are Arthur, Griff, Kris, RJ

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Clarifying question: </span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Reactions:</span>

Kris: Anonymous voting by Strawpoll

V: no reaction
Kay: We need someone to do it, Leads sound nice

Satya: How to keep it transparent? How do we keep record? System should be established

Alex: Same concerns as Satya

Oz: Excited for next level in experiment

RJ: Maybe minting minime tokens for system

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">New proposal: </span>

Leads dish out points. Leads are Arthur, Griff, Kris, RJ - will transition to full on blockchain system - Arthur is working with Aragon to implement UI<span style="text-decoration:underline;">
Keeping track in the short term: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aMRdnAPTAkkJyZBxq4HZzDX0wWLxKI3pXrf-SEyXnXI/edit#gid=1227632526</span>

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Check out:</span>

All around the impression of a great and quick meeting!

End of meeting:  18:25 pm
