# Giveth Governance Meeting #31


May 17th, 2018


Youtube Livestream - [https://youtu.be/fdegofpJkCw](https://youtu.be/fdegofpJkCw)


### Attending
Linds
Kay
Griff
Lorelei
Vojtech
Kris
RJ

dropped-in: 
left-early:

###  What we did
Lindsay - Lots of Burning Man stuff
Kay - Leaderboard and small fixes
Vojtech - responded to emails lots of catch up with from Edcon
Griff - Meetings, Dappnode, New potential PM, worked with Bowen on security, Manifesto, Call with Aragon, Burning Man, Funded open bounty
Lorelei - Was partnering for most of Griffs stuff, triple-checking
RJ - Writing script to make bridge development easier, working with 0x on code-coverage, lots of testing
Kris - Traveling a lot, dishing comm points, updated cle0 on Giveth, talks and help with BI discussion, Points Bot, helped facilitate Manifesto contest (and Kris won), Charities AMA
Kate - Youtube stuff

### Check-in
Griff - distracted by traveling to Airport
Kris - distracted by late flight at Airport
Lindsay - here to support. no distractions
RJ - short meeting - no distractions
Kay - short meeting - distracted by notes
Kate - came for loomio proposal

### Logistics

Toggled-Off: No one

## Agenda

*   Point1:
Changing the MultiSig: https://www.loomio.org/d/UABmRMxY/changing-the-multisig

*   Point2:
Changing email service (will not be discussed during governance meeting) https://www.loomio.org/d/4ipMRdto/find-new-email-hosting-service 

### Point1 MultiSig
Griff proposed a change to the multisig, but fears it clashes with Giveth values


#### Tension
Reducing signees by vote would reduce all women that are on the multsig now.


#### Proposal
Talk about options.

#### Clarifying Questions
None

#### Reactions
Kay - wrote my stance in Loomio - in favor of reducing signees
Kris - agrees largely
RJ - wants to remove stale signees
Vojtech - we should think about security first
Kate - agrees with security mindset. multisig should not be a field where we execute inclusion and other soft values
Lindsay - Supports team in what is being decided
Lorelei - nothing to add
Griff - clear consensus it seems

#### Amend and Clarify
Griff supports the action, but is looking for volunteer that wants to execute kicking people off. Lindsay will handle the operation together with Vojtech. In the end we should have a 6/11 MultSig. Nobody should be kicked from MultiSig channel. Communication about this in #giveth-multisig.

#### Result
PASSED

## Check-out
Griff - Awesome meeting - thanks. great to
Kay - Short meeting thanks
RJ - Like to hear everybody's voice - efficient meeting
Kris - Great meeting
Vojtech - Thanks and see you soon
Lindsay - Really excited to see the others. Talk next week
Kate - Enjoyed the meeting. Good resolution
Lorelei - Thanks for holding it together. Excited to see all the Unicorns.

## End of meeting
18:38 CET
