# 10th Governance Meeting November 24th**

**Sorry no live stream available for this governance meeting due to technical issues (No Audio on Stream)**

Note: Names are shortened, attending: Griff, Satya, Vojtech, Kriss, Kay, Oz, Alan, RJ

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Check in and beginning of the meeting</span>: 8pm central european time

Check in:

Griff: Nothing big

RJ:

D: Just came out of a meeting

I: Continuing last week's convo

Satya:

D: none

I: Continue discussion from last week

Kriss:

Intention: talk about communication

Distraction: bullets on slides missing

Oz

Intention: Have a good meeting

Distraction: looking at code on screen

Alan

I: Get rid of Git bot to save Slack messages

D: with people here

Vojtech

I: No intentions, interested to hear what's going to happen

D: None

Kay (not here anymore, damn!)

I:

D: Distracted by live stream not working

Logistics:

Nothing new

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Agenda:</span>

Kriss:

communication lead,

Kriss:

financial independance,

Kriss:

circles

Vojtech:

Settle core values


Kay:
Riot Tech changes

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Point 1. Communication Lead</span>**

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Tension: </span>

Gap in communication

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Proposal:</span>

Kriss will take over the communication lead, and defined the communication lead's role with a powerpoint presentation

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Clarifying question: </span>

S: I thought you were already doing this?

K: Grace was doing most of this and Griff originally had social media for me in mind, but this is what I'm qualified for

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Reactions:</span>

Griff:

Sounds good, we need to define the communications circle in the first com meeting.

We need a content creator, social media lead, crowd funding lead, but it all sounds pretty good.

Oz:

Sounds good, we need a com lead & strategy. Little worried about the umbrella role, but the circle will make it more clear what is required

Kay:

Looking forward to com meeting, to clear points you made here.

Satya:
Good plan, but the half/full time thing is not exciting. You don't have to starve to help Giveth.

Vojtech:
Fine with me

RJ:

Seems like a good start.

Alan:

You'll be great for this job

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">New proposal:</span>

In the future we'll have a bigger team, and I love be team manager. It will be more work for me because I take on more responsibilities. So if more people join in future, good.

Donations, separate role will be good. In will be on the agenda of the circle meeting.

The points in the presentation were brief, but Kriss already has written down more stuff

Financially, will be tackled in next points. It is hard to survive right now so hoping that all salaries double.

Proposal:

Approve of me becoming the com lead for com circle

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Objections</span>

This approves the job, but not the budget

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Result:</span>

Proposal passed

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Point 2 financial independance</span>**

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Tension:</span>

I'm under scrutiny by the government, officially unemployed. I have no status

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Proposal:</span>

I want to propose a way so that we can invoice to Giveth.

Apparently it is possible to send an invoice to a smart contract.

Then the contract gives the eth back.

The proposal is to allow people invoice to Giveth with their own company if they want to.

Proposal is to discuss

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Clarifying question: </span>

Vojtech:

I don't think that this is the proposal. The proposal is that somebody is to investigate that.

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Reactions:</span>

Kay:

No real way to have taxes on Eth. I'm my own company and I will invoice

Vojtech:

Same feeling as Kay. Applies maybe to just Belgium, in Czech you can other things.

So check if it only applies to you or everyone at Giveth.

Should not be in the gov meeting, but dealt with by the gov circle

Oz:

Should be in the governance meeting

Alan:

Good idea for the gov circle meeting

Satya:

Good to bring this up in the gov meeting. We need to think about this.

RJ:

We'll figure something out. Better use of time to put in gov circle

Griff

I'm sceptical that one solution that works for every company. Should be in gov circle

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Amend & Clarify</span>

He thinks it's a European thing. Fine to do in the gov meeting. I brought it up here cause no circle meetings yet.

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">New proposal:</span>

To discuss in details how people can figure out their financial compliance in their countries in the gov meetings.

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Result:</span>

Text

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Point 3 Circles.</span>**

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Tension:</span>

There's no communication on what's happening right now

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Proposal:</span>

To start the 4 circles as of next week, and we have short calls between circle leads.

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Clarifying question: </span>

Satya Why do the circle leads need to have a short call?

Kriss: to get in sync between leads

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Reactions:</span>

Griff:

Time to break up into 4 circles!

Link lead roles -> responsible for that circle to make sure that everything is happening

Rep lead role -> goes to all the circle meetings that affect that circle

Each circle have their own governance and be independant.

Very excited!

All circle leads should be present at the gov meeting.

RJ:

Good idea. The dev team kind of is already a circle informally.

Oz:

Agree

Kay:

Likes it very much. Very important to link between circle.

Alan;

Good idea, the more we grow the more we need to break it down

Vojtech:

Yes please do it!

Satya:

I'm cool

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">New proposal:</span>

To start the 4 circles & circle meetings as of next week, and we have short calls between circle leads.

'Objection':

Griff: We need to point circle leads


    <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Proposal Griff:</span>


    Griff will take gov lead for gov & smart contract circle, Vojtech for product and Kriss for com circle.


    <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Clarifying questions:</span>


    Kay: Are there enough people to do these meetings?


    Griff: Temp solution to start the meetings up.


    <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Reactions</span>:


    Satya:
Lets get this party started! Leads suggested are perfect


    Oz:


    Sounds good.


    Kay:


    I of course also wants to propose. Add to the agenda....discuss move to Riot. Disrupt the structure….


    Leads are fine.


    RJ:


    Sounds good if Vojtech agrees


    Vojtech:


    Think it is good. Needs to leave the meeting. Griff, please structure the meeting better.


    Kriss:


    Makes sense. (Now going into detail about details of how to do the meeting…)


    <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Result</span>:


    Griff will take gov lead for gov & smart contract circle, Vojtech for product and Kriss for com circle. Each team needs to figure its own time and structure.


    Passed!!!

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Result:</span>

Circle meetings will start

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Point 4 Move to Riot.</span>**

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Tension</span>

Kay: We've reached the 10k Slack limit, we're losing information every day. I want to move and be the lead of moving to Riot.

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Proposal</span>

Move Giveth to Riot

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Clarifying questions:</span>

Griff: Would you like to be the open source lead?

Kay: No, not yet, riot is a big enough task now.

Oz: is this the top prio? What time frame do you want to do this?

K: make a plan and find somebody to set it up

Satya: which other teams move to Riot?

K: Status & Aragon moved to Rocketchat but they don't seem happy.

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Reactions:</span>

Griff:

Status is moving to Riot. I hope we don't have to lead the way on migration, and see others move first. Or move to it with them. They are planning on moving. I will connect to whoever is migrating there. Not in a rush to move, we have a good thing going on on Slack. Change is hard.

Kriss:

If Status is leading the way, lets collaborate on them. Doesn't really mind we're losing messages

Alan:

Good idea to move to Riot but well plan it to not lose users. We need to be aware to not overcomplicate for ourselves and our users

RJ:

I like the philosophy of Riot, but the UI sucks. Status moved to Riot but RJ used it and it sucks.

Don't know if it is priority.

Satya:

Star message, they will be visible forever.

Organize a crypto space moving event, or at least let others move first

OZ:

Love the passion, if you need help….

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Amend & Clarify</span>

Kay:

Lots of fear here. Switch and take all users with us. We're onboarding users every day….

My proposal is to take the lead on this. Not moving now and confirm with Status. Setup test with Oz. Then come back.

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Objections</span>

Proposal passed!

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Summary:
MAKE SURE YOU OR THE FACILITATOR DO A SUMMARY OF THE RESULTS WITH SPECIAL MENTION OF THE ACTION STEPS</span>

Kriss is appointed temp communication lead

Griff is leading the legal discussion on options on becoming legal in your country

4 circles start next week, circle leads will run these

Griff is smart contracts + gov lead

Vojtech is product lead

Kay is Riot transfer lead

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Check out:</span>

Griff:

Thanks! Sorry for not structuring this very much and that it took so long

I'll be a better man :-)

Oz:

Great meeting, time sacrifice was worth it

RJ:

Looking forward to breakout meetings.

Satya

Good Meeting

Alan

Good meeting

Kay

Great meeting

Kriss

Thanks.

End of meeting:  

21:35 pm (ouch!)
