# Roles Meeting 7th of August 2018

### Participants: Kay, James (madeoftin), Deam, Lorelei, Kris, Bowen, Yalor, Lindsay, Griff, Vojtech, RJ, Dani    

### Livestream:
[https://youtu.be/mHE8RKXk8TQ](https://youtu.be/mHE8RKXk8TQ)

### Docs:
- Set-up idea of the meeting visual by Lorelei [here](https://riot.im/app/#/room/!VUpIHOCgPdHvUrtwXq:matrix.org/$1533653774280481Tlddt:matrix.org)
- Important links & to do's [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Q-9Pi1RQX2g3RCW4EG08wRj3WPK8MHIj8Yn8aTGrEmc/edit?usp=sharing) 

### Purpose & initial thoughts by Lorelei: 

- General efficiency with the roles 
- Onboarding process needed - this can help 
- built some structures 
- focus on roles, not souls 
- will be a monthly meeting 
- can be a launchpad for self-set salaries
- connecting the roles to the goals (connect to where we are going)




## Part I: Check-in 
(only mentioning special points of interesting)
- yalor toggled off 
- james is lurking & observing 
- kay: we had a first roles meeting last year!
- lorelei: this needs to be fun!

## Part II: Everyone gets a rose

How does it work?
- what's sweet
- what's a thorn 
- what's the bud - developing/looking fwd to 

__

- Lorelei 
    - sweet: this roles meeting & collab with kris 
    - thorn: lots of preconceived notions 
    - bud: onboarding process, excited to develop this

- Danni 
    - sweet: new commitment & working with all of giveth  
    - thorn: technology & connectivity + time mgmt 
    - bud: onboarding process, very excited about this!

- Griff
    - sweet: being succesful & getting outside donations
    - thorn: overcommitted & broken leg
    - bud: DECENTRAL - link burner with crypto
 
 - Kay
     - sweet: revamping the web presence 
     - thorn: getting proactive help sometimes difficult 
     - bud: working with deam & decentral meetup

- Bowen
    - sweet:fun to work on the security guarding 
    - thorn: javascript knowledge
    - bud: js classes

- RJ
    - sweet: feathers a lot better & that we're live
    - thorn: haven't had so much time for giveth recently 
    - bud: making things go more smoothly 

- Vojtech
    - sweet: really using the dapp 
    - thorn: way too many things outside of dev, who to delegate to 
    - bud: very soon full team & projects to join us


- Kris 
    - sweet: working on aragon 
    - thorn: revisiting how i do my current role and where to delegate
    - bud: this roles meeting, going to burning man!!!

- Deam
    - sweet: giveth bot with more functionality , donation leaderboard
    - thorn: not using the leaderboard enough!
    - bud: blockternship and how this will go 

- James
    - a budding rose :) just happy to be here!

- Lindsay
    - sweet: decentral event, planning this
    - thorn: distraction of all the chats
    - bud: burning man, starting to see the fruits of the planning 

__ 

This activity... 
- brought out some action items 
- gave people some perspective on other people activities
- showed people some oppertunities to contribute
- showed people where we can collaborate with eachother


## Part III: Roles 

- Roles document [link](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10yFmRviEoeUCg8GfWizHBtkFqU9kgm_OhmIj9Lt-ONU/edit#gid=833931244)
    - this doc is an oppt to talk about what you need done 
    - remake of our old document (simplified)
    - explainer of every column is at the top

- We listened to the needs
    - onboard & offboard
    - need to delegate 
    - this is a tool that can make this work 
    - this really is not about people! really truly about the roles 


## Part IV: Reactions & Clarifications

- Clarifying questions 
    - What are the action steps (griff)
        - add new roles or flesh out the current ones for yourself & your circle (can also be for hiring purposes)
    - deadline (kris) 
        - if possible before burning man, otherwise after ASAP

- Reactions
    - Bowen
        - great idea, good way to learn 
    - Dani
        - good opt to understand all the roles to get more involved & hear from the people
    - Griff
        - excited to see how this will facilitate the unicorn DAC, stoked to see how it will help with hiring, governance etc
        - curious if we will have buy-in, as it takes some work. Unicorn DAC will incentivize owning this
    - Deam
        - great, let's see how this goes
    - Kay
        - likes the goals linked to this, griff wondered how we can keep this alive, hope this will work, likes the structure, likes the disconnect role & soul 
        - full buy-in, needs to be on the onboarding wiki 
    - Vojtech
        -  we really need roles, it's been a struggle & a crucial part of holacracy. roles seem very disconnected from the overall goals 
        -  would like to flesh it out more together or we might miss or add roles that are not important, how will you remove this? 
    - RJ
        - this is a good start, more ownership, optimistic

    - Kris 
        - really believe this will work 
        - add what roles you think are necessary, if you see an issue, you can put a comment in there and say the issue during the roles meeting, and that's how we as a team can enforce 
        - concerned about buy in.... we are a permissionless community, 
        - with Lorelei pushing it i think it will work out

    - Lindsay
        - full support, will be as good as we make it, hopefully people will be involved
        - onboarding will be really helpful 

    - James
        - feel lucky to have met you guy, really like this template, useful for projects. 

    - Lorelei 
        - appreciate everyone's openness, good training wheels ride for the roles meeting 



## Checkout 


   - griff: well prepared by lorelei & kris, thx for prep
    - lindsay: thx for all the hard work
    - bowen: cool & exciting 
    - vojtech: hope this happens!
    - dani: super helpful spreadsheet
    - kay: great initiative
    - rj: good meeting 
    - deam: looking fwd 
    - kris: thx a lot!
    - james: amen, nice! 
    - lorelei: thanks to all & plz don't postpone ;-) 

